Fix Group by limit in LangSmith docs (5 → 20) (#4808)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/dashboards.mdx

There are two ways to create multiple series in a chart (i.e., create multiple lines in a chart):

> 1. **Group by**: Group runs by [run tag or metadata](/langsmith/add-metadata-tags), run name, or run type. Group by automatically splits the data into multiple series based on the field selected. Note that group by is limited to the top 20 elements by frequency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Group by**: Group runs by [run tag or metadata](/langsmith/add-metadata-tags), run name, or run type. Group by automatically splits the data into multiple series based on the field selected. Group by defaults to the top 5 elements by frequency, configurable up to 20.
```
